fix error in the wallet definition (#164)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

:  Ability of the Holder to prove legitimate possession of a Verifiable Credential by demonstrating a certain biometric trait, such as fingerprint or face. One example of a Verifiable Credential with Biometrics-based Holder Binding is a mobile driving license [@ISO.18013-5], which contains a portrait of the holder.

Wallet:

> :  An entity used by the Holder to receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored/managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Credential Issuer which acts as the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  An entity used by the Holder to request, receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored and managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client (see [@!RFC6749]) since the Credential Issuer is the OAuth 2.0 Resource Server and, in certain cases, it may also implement an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server.
```

Reviewer: Here I want to remark that VCI is an RS that can optionally implement and include also an AS.
I'd not force the idea that VCI is a monolithic solution with AS and RS together. That would be only an implementative option.

Reviewer 2: The RFC is mentioned above this part in the beginning of the terminology section (introducing all terms according to 6749), so I don't think we need to mention it here?

> :  An entity used by the Holder to request, receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored and managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client (see [@!RFC6749]) since the Credential Issuer is the OAuth 2.0 Resource Server and, in certain cases, it may also implement an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server.

Author: ```suggestion
:  An entity used by the Holder to request, receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored and managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client since the Credential Issuer is the OAuth 2.0 Resource Server and, in certain cases, it may also implement an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server.
```
